Cravings App - want to create an app for heatlhy eating, craving a type of food, pull it out of a db, 
take user cravings and give them the nutrients their body needs, saving preferences 

Concert Playlist app- The goal is to pull a list of songs from a recent concert. Take that make a playlist from it from spotify. Setlist.fm and spotify api. 
Make a playlist from spotify api. What happens if a song isn't on spotify? 

NoonLife - create an app to find brunch places, ambitous, but working with a radius of restuarants that match based upon demographics put into a DB.


Check in 

Mark Lab 12 - couldn't get it to run, feels good about objects and methods downs, not sure how to use constructor, did advanced Udemy, 
today: finish lab 12 and bonus 5, 14 go through udemy 

Craving APP: on track, working on hardcoding a database, bcnf compliant, derrek working on api, ways to filter through it, more data than neccesary, 
not every level has a label. Found a website that will make a model for a JSON object, Allison working on the front end, return page, splash page,
helping to keep MVC separate. 

Noonlife: Api is working finds restaurants prints out list of links digs yelp handles it, Pete Yelp api, Tallon making users work and
Othelle is working on the db. Added users how to build on top of users, accounts for if a restaurant is closed, an isclosed variable is in the JSON object.


Spotify app: Needs help with API both APIs Spotify and Setlist, index has search. Chuck front end work written a search button, Mike API setlist, 
Josh Spotify setlist, 

Check in Wednesday: 
Mark: Close to done on lab 12, trouble with random, plans on tackling hooking up sql to mvc

Cravings APP: losing time to GIT, mission was to merge everything, trying to query sql in C#, allison running with front-end working with bootstrap, 
APIs are working fine, razor is tripping them up, wants to pull out every time with the sweets tag

Noonlife: got MVP not a lot of functionality, worried about expanding scope too much, pete's login isn't working on his email with db, 
isn't autheticating, othelle css working on front, core feature you search by zip, 15-20 closest brunch places as a list of links, contains 
yelp ID, use with yelp api, stretch goals: FB authentication, inputing users age and storing in DB, Othelle your stretch goal was to populate 

Concert Rewind: Right you're struggling with getting tokens working, set list is working up/running, trouble with JS code for tokens, Chuck
is working on the front-end. 

Check in Thursday: 

Mark - Got objects made for user/lions getting strange bugs, looking at MVC problems, going to research MVC and lab 12 and also pitch. 

Noonlife - Pete add fb auth, only works for him, added age and gender to the db, so they have data for users, may add a select menu for genders, 
bug testing, Othelle - add photos for slider call the api based upon image IE chineese food. Tallon - tinkering with DB try to figure out how to 
calculate in C# to crunch numbers. 

Cravings APP - working on suggested food based upon nutrients based upon the suggested food you get a list of recipes, keeping in mind 
dietary, MVP is super close, Derek - api calls, Bruce - built database, butr all talked out the code, Allison - building UI and helping out with code.
GIT is being a little hoe. Project is going well. Handle on all the hooks and how they need to be connected together. 

Concert Rewind - haven't made progress in the last day and a half at a standstill all paniked, talking about a new api 


Check in Friday: 

Mark - Assessment 

Noonlife: Waiting to present, cleaned up, feels ready wants to wait for feedback, polishing core feature, othelle got slider 

Hungry Hungry Hipsters: Good working through errors, MVP on everyone on computer, sync everyone's computer, functionality is in place. Getting it hosted in azure.

Concert Rewind - it kinda devolved into my trying to debug their code. 


Monday check in: 

Mark - Working on Yelp Api, culled down idea, yelp api a database with a user registration, user interface same idea, but paired down 

Cravings App - Doing well, two stretch goals done, searching by dietary restriction, multiple recipe returns, next one user DB where they store dietary
commenting code, 

Noonlife - Tallon working on pulling data from db and agregatting it, Othelle front-end = fun end, Pete small stuff drop down menu on genders, polishes,
no major road block. 

Concert Rewind - polishing things up handling exceptions, chuck is working on the front, getting youtube api working, I helped fix their code. 

Tuesday: 

Mark - Api, db pointers and front-end all to do.

HHH - Good, coaching each other on the app, code clean-up removing duplication, project work code jaming it, launch to Azure, may make another api call find where the person's 
location 

NoonLife - Good, FB login works, search doesn't add closed restaurants, cleaning up and commenting, walking through code together, pulling users based upon age groups, 
ordered them by gender, polishing 


Wednesday 
Mark - site functionality up and running, not much in the way of polish, advised to clean things up a bit and do a backup juuuuust in case.

HungryHungryHipsters - Working on launching to Azure, writing a presentation for a demo, Azure is difficult, agreed to help them if need be 

Noon Life - Good, Working on Azure, calcute average age in db, polishing front ,

Concert Rewind - Functionality all there and one bug, rest is styling, working Azure up, 


Thursday - 
Mark - bug fixing, working on additional front-end polish, doing a drop down menu with API

Noon life - Working on mobile, finishing deploying clean up, 

HHH - Rehearsing speech, no new features, bug fixes, but nothing major, they have stickers up and live! Works on mobile

Concert Rewind - 
